This package contains code for evaluating the angular prolate spheroidal wave
functions of order 0, ps_n(x,c) and qs_n(x,c).  There is an implementation of the 
Xiao-Rokhlin algorithm, which is suitable for use when the bandlimit c and 
characteristic exponent n are relatively small, and a second algorithm which 
applies when 500 <= c <= 1,000,000 and n>=100 and runs in time independent of 
c and n.

The following files comprise the package:

1.  The file utils.f90 is a module containing simple utlity subroutines for 
printing, searching, sorting and the like.

2.  The file chebyshev.f90 is a module for forming and manipulating Chebyshev
expansions of univariate functions.

3.  The file tensor.f90 is a module for forming and manipulating bivariate
Chebyshev expansions of functions of two variables.

4.  The file adapquad.f90 is a module which contains primitive routines for 
adaptive Gaussian quadrature.

5.  The file create_boundchi.f90 contains a program which constructs a 
precomputed expansion used in prolates.f90 to bound the Sturm-Liouville eigenvalues
of the prolate spheroidal wave functions; this expansion is written to a fortran 
file called  boundchi.f90

  IMPORTANT NOTE: this code must be run using quadruple precision (REAL*16) 
  arithmetic

6.  The file prolates.f90 is a module for evaluating the prolate spheroidal
wave functions of order 0 using the Xiao-Rokhlin alorithm.

7.  The file linearode.f90 is a module which implements an adaptive spectral solver 
for second and third order linear ordinary differential equations.

8.  The file riccati.f90 is a module which contains an adaptive spectral solver for
the Riccati equation r'(t) + r(t)^2 + q(t) = 0.

9.  The file prolates_window.f90 contains code for applying the ``windowing 
algorithm'' so as to evaluate the nonoscillatory phase function for the spheroidal 
wave equation and its first few derivatives at the point 0

10.  The file prolates_exps.f90 contains code for constructing expansions of the
the Sturm-Liouville eigenvalue chi as a function of the bandlimit c and of a
parameter u related to the value of the nonoscillatory phase function at 0

11.  The file create_prolexps.f90 contains code for writing the expansions
generated by prolates_exps.f90 to the fortran file prolexps.f90 for use by 
prolates_fast.f90

  IMPORTANT NOTE: it is best to run this code using REAL*10 arithmetic, which
  ensures that the resulting expansions achieve double precision accurcy.
  When executed using REAL*8 arithemtic, roughly 11-12 digit accuracy is
  obtained instead.

12.  The file prolates_fast.f90 contains code for evaluating the angular prolate
spheroidal wave functions ps_n(x,c) and qs_n(x,c) in time independent of bandlimit
c and characteristic exponent n

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following programs perform the numerical experiments described in the preprint

    Xinge Zhang and James Bremer, "An O(1) algorithm for the numerical evaluation
    of the prolate spheroidal wave functions of order 0".  arXiv:????.???

and produce the graphs contained therein:

13.  The file plot_chi.f90 contains a program for producing plots of chi as a
function of characteristic exponent and as a function of a multiple of the
value of the nonoscillatory phase function at 0 which appear as Figure 1.

14.  The file plot_A.f90 contains a program for producting the plos
of A_nu(\gamma^2) contained in Figure 2.

15.  The file plot_phase.f90 contains a program for producing the plots
of the derivatives of the phase functions which appear as Figure 3

16.  The file test_chiexp.f90 contains a program which tests the speed and
accuracy with which the  expansions in prolexps.f90 evaluate the
Sturm-Liouville eigenvalues via comparison with the Xiao-Rokhlin algorithm.
It produces the LaTeX source for a table presenting the results.

17.  The file test_pseval.f90 contains a program which tests the speed
and accuracy with which the code in prolates_fast.f90 evaluates ps_n(x,c)
via comparison with the Xiao-Rokhlin algorithm; it produces LaTeX code
for tables which display the results
